Add docs for Volumes UI updates (#13315)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/dashboard.md

## Explore volumes

> A [volume](../storage/volumes.md) is a directory on a disk or in a container. Volumes are directly managed by Docker and are stored as part of the host file system.

Reviewer: It’s actually the other way around: volumes are directories stored in the VM (also but rarely called the guest file system, mostly internally at Docker I think) while bind mounts are directories (or files) mounted from the host.

Author: Updated the description. PTAL and let me know if we should further amend this.

Reviewer: Yes, that looks fine. The only thing I’m wondering is if users will know what’s the VM here, do the docs talk a lot about it in general? Do we not try to hide these kinds of implementation details?

Author: Was trying to provide some sort of intro here with a link to the Volumes section for details.

Reviewer: Maybe something like «Volumes can be used to store files and share them among containers.»?

Reviewer: Or perhaps also mentioning volumes outlive containers?

The **Volumes** view in Docker Dashboard enables you to easily create and delete volumes and see which ones are being used. If you are a developer subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan, you can also see which container is using a specific volume and explore the files and folders in your volumes.

{% include upgrade-cta.html
  body="To start exploring the details in your volumes, upgrade to a Pro or a Team plan."
  header-text="This feature requires a Pro or a Team plan"
  target-url="https://www.docker.com/pricing?utm_source=docker&utm_medium=webreferral&utm_campaign=docs_driven_upgrade_volumes"
%}

The following table lists the Volumes UI features available in each plan:

{% assign yes = '![yes](/images/green-check.svg){: .inline style="height: 14px; margin: 0 auto"}' %}

| Feature      | Free | Pro | Team   |
|:-------------|:---------:|:----------:|:----------:|
|  View, create, and delete volumes| {{ yes }}    | {{ yes }}   |  {{ yes }}    |
| See which volumes are in use | {{ yes }} | {{ yes }}   |  {{ yes }}    |

> | See the size of the volume | {{ yes }}  | {{ yes }}   |  {{ yes }}    |

Reviewer: nit: would be easier to review if the `|` were aligned 😁

Author: Fixed... ( Almost 😀 )

> | See volume data details (modified date, size, kind) | X | {{ yes }}   |  {{ yes }}    |

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I forgot we also removed the kind column!

```suggestion
| See volume data details (modified date, size) | X | {{ yes }}   |  {{ yes }}    |
```

Author: Thanks Steph. Updated.

| See which container is using a volume | X | {{ yes }}   |  {{ yes }}    |

> | Save or delete data from a volume | X| {{ yes }}   |  {{ yes }}    |

Reviewer: nit: maybe `data` -> `files`?

Author: Fixed

### Manage volumes

By default, the **Volumes** view displays a list of all the volumes. Volumes that are currently used by a container display the **In Use** badge.

![List volumes](images/volumes-list.png){:width="700px"}

Use the **Search** field to search for any specific volumes. You can also sort volumes by the name, the date created, and the size of the volume.

To explore the details of a specific volume, select a volume from the list. This opens the detailed view.

> The **In Use** tab displays the name of the container using the volume, the image name, the port number used by the container, and the target. A target is a mountpoint inside a container that gives access to the file system on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **In Use** tab displays the name of the container using the volume, the image name, the port number used by the container, and the target. A target is a path inside a container that gives access to the volume files.
```
(it’s not on the host, it’s inside the VM)

Author: Updated.
